The Joe Rogan experience.
Right? Because if I hate doing table news hits because I have two minutes to,
to basically deduce a complex issue that we've been debating for decades almost
centuries. Yeah.
It's the worst. And it's also people talking over each other and there's one,
you know, they have two boxes, one guy here, one guy there,
usually you're not even in the same room together.
You're talking through those ear pieces. It was a delay.
Those things are a disaster. Horrible. One of the worst ways to communicate.
Hi. I tried to establish my platform with my show.
Nawar I try to have it as a platform. That's open to people to come on. Hey,
look, you want to come on and discuss this issue by all means, come do it.
You had anyone that's S that's like really strict anti-gun
on.
Yeah. I had a, I'd had an entire season. So what we did in the season,
I think it was two seasons ago.
We brought on a young lady and a guy from New Zealand.
I can't remember, but he came on the show. They were antiques.
And so what we did was he had a round table discussion at the end of every
episode of my show. And we would bring up a specific topic and we discuss it.
And so they basically, it was like two against one, essentially.
And so they would talk to me about what their thoughts on,
on what we talked about in the show or a particular gun control issue.
And we had that conversation. I had an individual, I sit down with her as well,
and we talked about it and then took her to the shooting range to shoot for the
first time, you know? Um, but that's going to be overlooked. Right.
They know they ignore it.
Well, they probably aren't even aware of it cause I wasn't.
Aware of it. Um, no they're aware of it.
So people who need to be aware of it are aware of it. Okay. Because like,
for instance, I bring this point up. Um,
it makes me come across as if like, I feel some type of way.
Cause he didn't mention me,
but it's not really that it just speaks volumes to what I've been pointing at.
For the longest they ignore rational discourse.
John Oliver did a 20 minute monologue on NRA TV about NRA TV,
right. 20 minutes, you know how long? A 20 minute long that's a long time.
Yeah. He didn't mention me once. He didn't mention my show.
I have three shows on NRA, TV, three shows. And I have the second longer,
longest running show in an ITV. He didn't mention me once.
The level of detail that they went into within that monologue lets me know.
They watched everything on that platform. They watched.
It all. And why do you think he left you out?
Because didn't fit the narrative.
Right?
Also because he is a progressive guy with
glasses. Who's white and you really shouldn't.
You really shouldn't say anything negative about.
Black people. How so? He's but he's not white though. He's a minority.
Just like me. What is he? He's I don't know. He's like.
I don't want to Oliver. He's white. It's not white.
What is he then told her white, if he's not white, I'm not white.
What the is he?
Irish?
Irish. My white. If I'm not what the is. If I saw you on the streets you are
In the olden days. I wasn't my grandparents. Weren't white.
When my grandparents came over that guy's white. He's white like paper, Tom.
Isn't it? Yeah. Oh. I'm wrong. Well, there you go. Um,
what did you think he was? I don't know.
I never thought I'd get him confused with the daily show guy. I probably.
Am. Trevor Noah. No, not Trevor. I know, but I know about Trevor.
Yeah. He's white as. He's a white Englishman man. I'm racist.
Um, but for a guide like that, uh, guys like that have Dave,
here's the thing about Progressive's and I like John Oliver. I'm not,
I'm not negative against John.
I'm going to say doing a show. I have,
I had this perspective up until this point. So I'm going to shut off.
I'm going to shut off my belief system and listen to you and listen to what
you're about to say, because I haven't thought about this.
Cause I've thought he wasn't wiped his entire time. So now he's white.
Um, I mean it might not even be what be, why he did it.
He might've found the worst examples and maybe you were too reasonable and it
doesn't fit the narrative of being funny. I mean his show,
although his show has points and he makes these very, you know,
these clear conclusions and you know, but it's funny. It's a funny show.
That's the whole thing behind it is.
Well, who's dating me, knows like I have enough episodes on, on, on,
on that platform. You can find some stuff to make fun of me about.
Well, I'm sure they could,
but I don't think that's the kind of thing they're trying to make fun of like
individual personalities that say stupid.
I think what they're trying to do is point out the disingenuous
narrative from the NRA while ignoring the disingenuous narrative
from the anti-gun advocates.
Okay. I could possibly see that.
I'm trying to, I'm trying to be fair and reasonable. Cause my mind wants to go.
Nah, he saw, he S he realized that by mentioning me, right, it's going to,
it's going to peak curiosity with the audience in which he's trying to.
So you think you're too reasonable and too logical.
And that since you're not like this redneck hee haw type character that like to
talk about you, it doesn't fit their narrative.
So let's just ignore him because that's a trade on the dummies. Think about it,
everybody on there's still real though. Right?
There are some dummies. They have domains on all.
Sides. That's true. That's true.
But it's pretty easy to find like pro gun dummies.
You can find quite a few of them. I can.
Pretty easy to find dummies on the other side as well, too, for sure.
But you wouldn't be looking if you were on that side, right?
If you're on the anti-gun side,
you're looking for pro Gumm dummies pro gun dummies pro gun dummies are easy to
find. They are right. There's plenty of them right now.
You can go find them on Instagram and Twitter and there's,
there's dummies all over the world.
Let's see. Here's the thing though. The thing about what John Oliver does,
and this is the thing,
this is the kind of disingenuous nature of satire political satire. It,
I call it the, the, the comedian plausible deniability card, right? Okay.
So you can make a joke about something and then say, oh, it has no influence.
Cause it's just a joke. It's not.
But you're not saying that is he, he's not, he doesn't have an influence.
Exactly. He understands the influence at wields, but he's what he's saying,
but he can, he can always swipe the plausible deniability card and say, well,
no, I wasn't making an actual political statement.
Like I know that there are reasonable people on the other side, no,
you're pushing a narrative that has been pushed for decades about an
organization that fights for the second amendment, the same, the same,
the same narrative.
That's being pushed by groups of people who say the only thing standing in their
way of more gun control is the NRA. So what do you do?
So where does anybody get its power from? Because they, they,
they talk out of both sides of their mouth and he gets a power from there. Uh,
sorry. They know he gets a power by their membership. Right? Right.
So what do you do? You, you do your best to stifle that membership.
You make it seem as unattractive as possible. And then you also,
your audience is already largely uneducated on the issue. Right?
And then there's already this perceived notion that the NRAS is just a bunch of
racist, white rednecks. Right? So then what do you do to further that narrative?
You talk about their platform and then you pull out all of those things that
further drive that narrative while ignoring the most popular figure on the
platform, which is, which is me. And so who so happens to be black.
So what does that say? It tells me that this is that it was deliberate.
I really do want to agree with you and say, you know what, he's white.
He didn't want to be seen as attacking the black guy so forth and so on.
I think there's a little of that, but I think there's also,
he's doing a show now, let, let me, let me explain how a show works.
He's got a team of writers. There's a ton of people back there.
They are just trying to be funny. They are trying to make points for sure,
but they're trying to find stupid that they can mock.
And why would they concentrate on the guy who makes sense if they look at,
for stupid that they can mock, they're not trying to make a balanced,
reasonable argument. Like maybe we would do right here. Right now,
what they're doing is doing a condensed, edited down,
very smooth polished television show with that rent has been dissected and
gone over by a team of writers.
And they have video that corresponds to it and photographs that they shoot go to
and they have clips that they show. And then they mock the clips. It's a,
it's a comedy show. They do have a point, but it's a comedy show. Absolutely.
So that's why they didn't go after you is because maybe you're a lawyer.
Maybe you're articulate.
Maybe you is because you're young and black and they just don't feel like it's a
smart thing to do, but it's because they're making a show.
I agree with you. Now, let me tell you why my panties are in a ruffle about it.
It's because I understand the influence of that show when people make.
Good decisions, but don't you think it's preaching to the choir? That show?
What do you mean? That one? That show. Yeah. John Oliver's show.
I think if I had to guess how many people who are watching the show are left,
wing, leaning, uh, democratic leaning, liberal leaning.
I would say it's a giant percentage.
The problem though, the number of people who come to me and say,
I don't, I don't deal with the NRA because they're racist.
And they're a bunch of white rednecks who says that, oh God,
I get it all the time.
The wool, what is the evidence that they point to? They just assume the.
Yep. That's, that's just it because in their,
in their attempts to just make a show. Right.
And I agree with you wholeheartedly. I absolutely agree with you,
but we can't undermine how influential that show is at crafting people's
thoughts about particular issues and ideologies within this country. Right.
Right. And so I stand back and I'm like, man, this is dangerous because to me,
the second amendment is incredibly important. Right? I don't, you know what?
The funny thing is, I thought the monologue was hilarious.
The mom's a funny dude. Mama monologue is hilarious. I'll give him,
I'll give him the mom. I'm arguing with monologue was funny. Um,
then isn't he a funny dude? Because he said that funny.
He was a funny dude during that 20 minute model, sometimes it's not,
you're demonstrating. You got another, you got to do stay consistency,
consistency. You give me some consistency.
I'll let you drop the ball a couple of times here and there. That's fine.
But as far as consistency, it's tough job. No, John Oliver guy,
he's got a tough job. I think it's, I think it's incredibly tough. I think,
I think comedians don't get enough credit.
I'm not sure even a real comedian will stand up this John Oliver.
Is that, is that, is that the barometer for being comedian? Stand up for us.
Okay. Yeah. There's a big, there's a big difference.